---
title: "Even Galileo Had His Ups and Downs."
date: 03 August 2023
---

Precise, reputable, bold, theoretical. He led two lives that were polar opposites of each other. A gold medal in every science competition since he was 11 and an interest in astronomy and physics lectures. As well as being a member of the student council as well alongside his 2 sisters. Everyone around him found him pleasing and polite but rebellious enough to join in the fun. He was the pride of the family, being the sibling that was shown off to his parent’s friends for his many trophies and medals, and being first place in any science-related competitions, fairs, and decathlons.

But his life of academic perfection took a turn when he met his still best mate, Jovan. Jovan was a nice kid as well but still led something rebellious that pulled Evan in as well. They met after being paired for a science project. When Evan was first place, Jovan was right behind him in second. They were both smart, highly acclaimed with their achievements, and had similar passions. But even then, Jovan taught Evan a way to run from his stress that would soon cause more stress when he reached adulthood. Partying, sneaking out, smoking, drinking, coming home late. Evan started it slow, not wanting to take it too far and get caught. But it wasn’t long ‘til he started biting more than he could chew.

He still maintained his scores but started struggling after being introduced to his biggest addiction. At 19, 2 years after he started his dangerous party life, he was introduced to pure cocaine. He feared it, feeling hesitant seeing the titanium white powder on the table. But one sniff of it was enough to make him feel as if he went to heaven and back. He was never caught by the authorities for drug possession, always on the run and soon being interconnected to underground crime alongside Jovan. He never thought of building an empire but did become the owner of a bar to hide most of his connection’s money laundering.

The whole family knew, but it wasn’t exactly a dinner discussion topic. Evan still had enough self-control to not carry his addiction everywhere, still being able to stay focused with just a few escapes per week. Everyone had predicted that he would be a homeless junkie by now, but he remains the most unpredictable in terms of success, as always. He never expected to be a bar owner, majoring in physics in college and expecting high honors to join a research team as an astronomer. But soon he learned the ropes on building a business from his older sister and was swimming in his own money in no time. Located in the center of PIK, many bar dwellers and drinkers came, making his business bloom to great heights.

He soon forgot his plans of researching his dream field, providing all his time towards the polar opposite of what he ever wanted. Everything seemed perfect, wealth, fame, love, and pleasure. But even Galileo had his ups and downs.
